README.md, before:

# Dopeshit

Dope set of utilities for linux users and people who understand code.

#### 0) ChatGPT CLI tool

A simple tool for using ChatGPT on command line, built with Golang.

<div align="center">

https://github.com/sambhavsaxena/dopeshit/assets/76242518/611ac915-5ac4-4cae-9fd9-0f60892d4dfc

</div>

###### Usage

- Compile the source file [here](https://github.com/sambhavsaxena/dopeshit/blob/main/gpt-cli-toolkit/main.go) with Go compiler.
- Execute the binary directly using the terminal.

#### 1) Togglekeys

Toggle your keyboard accessibility while cleaning. No more unnecessary clicks and toggles.
![test](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sambhavsaxena/xopexhit/main/resources/test.gif)

###### Usage

- Get the local id for your hardware keyboard by running `xinput` in the terminal.
- Replace this local id in the `exec.sh` file.
- Run `chmod +x exec.sh` in the current directory for granting executable permissions.
- Replace the current path in the `.desktop` file.
- Add the executable to your workspace menubars for easy access.

#### 2) Data structure with O(1) time for `n` inputs

So I was working with hash tables and found out that there could be a data structure that could perform insert, delete and find operations in constant time.

Check out [this](code/constantxd.cpp) file for better understanding.

#### 3) DDOS attack bundle for VPS

Visit [this](https://github.com/sambhavsaxena/dopeshit/tree/main/dos-bundle) directory for further instructions.

## Contributing Guide

Raise your pr's I'll merge if they're useful. easy.

Commit message:

update: added `git-dump.sh` script

README.md, after:

# Dopeshit

Dope set of utilities for linux users and people who understand code.

#### 1) ChatGPT CLI tool

A simple tool for using ChatGPT on command line, built with Golang.

<div align="center">

https://github.com/sambhavsaxena/dopeshit/assets/76242518/611ac915-5ac4-4cae-9fd9-0f60892d4dfc

</div>

###### Usage

- Compile the source file [here](https://github.com/sambhavsaxena/dopeshit/blob/main/gpt-cli-toolkit/main.go) with Go compiler.
- Execute the binary directly using the terminal.

#### 2) DDOS attack bundle for VPS

Visit [this](https://github.com/sambhavsaxena/dopeshit/tree/main/dos-bundle) directory for further instructions.

#### 3) git-dump

A simple bash script for getting Github logs and statistics directly in your terminal. Try execute [this](https://github.com/sambhavsaxena/dopeshit/blob/main/git-dump.sh) file for more information.

<div align="center">

</div>

#### 4) Togglekeys

Toggle your keyboard accessibility while cleaning. No more unnecessary clicks and toggles.
![test](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sambhavsaxena/xopexhit/main/resources/test.gif)

###### Usage

- Get the local id for your hardware keyboard by running `xinput` in the terminal.
- Replace this local id in the `exec.sh` file.
- Run `chmod +x exec.sh` in the current directory for granting executable permissions.
- Replace the current path in the `.desktop` file.
- Add the executable to your workspace menubars for easy access.

#### 5) Data structure with O(1) time for `n` inputs

So I was working with hash tables and found out that there could be a data structure that could perform insert, delete and find operations in constant time.

Check out [this](code/constantxd.cpp) file for better understanding.

## Contributing Guide

Raise your pr's I'll merge if they're useful. easy.
